Chat GPT:
1. The prompt to generate output for this code:

"""""""""""""""""""
Create melody. The area enclosed in | is a single note. Place the chord progression and length of sound inside the | and enclose the chord in " ". This is the main topic. The genre of the song should be rock style. The total length of the song should be 200 measures. Length of 800 in 4-beat equivalents. Don't omit any melody. This commitment is also important as it relates to the length of the song. The number of notes should be normal and the movement of the note process should be normal for the song. Please make it without rests. Also provide the tonic. [Summary] You are an excellent melody maker. You have invented a melody and length, and you can express a single note with | “pitch” note | such as | “C4” 4 |, | “D#5” 16 |, | “Gb6” 2 |, | “C4” 1 |. Another important rule is to enclose only the pitches in ". The first parameter is a pitch symbol, such as C4, D#5, Gb6. The second parameter is a length of sound, where 1=whole note, 2=half note, 4=quarter note, 8=eighth note, 16= sixteenth note. The format of this data is of paramount importance since your answers will be used in the program. Generate the output in single line.
"""""""""""""""""""


2. Copy the melody generated by the prompt. Tonic of the melody is also generated, so please input when executing main.py.

3. In your python environment, install framework through pip --no-cache-dir install -r requirements.txt

4. Run main.py 

How to attach lyrics to the midi file:
1. Install musescore software and import midi file.
2. Use Ctrl + L on each note to input lyrics.
3. File -> Export -> MusicXML -> XML and save.
4. Use this website to generate song: https://www.sinsy.jp/

Result file is in demo_output_results:
chord_gen.mid: music file with accompaniment
demo.wav: Generated song

How to attach lyrics file with the accompaniment file:
1. Access to https://www.bandlab.com/ and create new project.
2. Import midi file and demo.wav
3. Adjust sound volume.
4. Publish.
Result file is in demo_output_results:
demo_final.wav
